here we have our new 3d printer just
arrived very well goes front platform
something we'll have a look at the
instructions later we've got two rolls
of ABS plastic one is included when you
buy it the other I purchased additional
and here's the actual printer itself
and we've also got this is the plate I
believe that the print is Dunham comes
with an SD card and so assumes the power
supply gether with some tools and tool
kit here USB cable that's everything
that comes in the package let's take a
look at the actual printer itself
so this would be these lit so it's
completely enclosed when you're printing
which is important for printing with ABS
plastic because you want to keep the
temperature high inside as the ABS will
warp if it cools too quickly if you're
going to print with PLA then that's not
such a problem so there we have it
we're just flip everything together and
we'll plug it in and we'll give it a
test print so here we are the printers
printing it took us a little while just
to get it up and running had a few
problems plus we're plugged in and the
LCD screen flashed up and then it all
went off something that I wasn't told
about this is rated to work on 110 on
220 volts and that the rear it says you
know 110 to 220 plugged in to 220 volts
and it appeared to blown something so I
actually opened it up
luckily uh me and a few of the guys here
work in their toilet industry so we had
an idea what to look for and the actual
power supply unit has a switch on the
side right select leader 110 or 220 it
had been preset from the factory to 110
they thought we were using 110 nearing
the Philippines so unfortunately when we
plugged it in to 220 outlet it caused
some problems and we had to replace an
internal fuse I contacted Mary well they
got back very quickly and apologized for
the problem luckily we were able to fix
it ourselves that's something certainly
to be aware of before you plug it in
make sure that you're plugging into the
correct voltage to voltage increase
by the fact we were initiated to you so
what's that problems overcome we got it
set up and up and running the unit comes
with an SD card which has pre-loaded
some files on it so we're printing out
now one of the demo files which is a
doll and it's currently about 41%
through it's been running about three
hours it's a relatively large model we
were a little bit of warping but I think
that's probably down to the heated plate
not being quite up to high enough
temperature I have the most 3d printers
when you first get them you're going to
have to play around with it to find out
what settings work best for you also as
well the flap on the front which is held
closed by a magnet the magnet which was
stuck on to the actual enclosure lost
its adhesiveness
and the flap open partway from printing
and allowed me some coal bearing so I've
just remedied that by gluing it on with
some slightly stronger glue so overall
so far it seems like it's a relatively
robust well-made printer but you know a
couple of minor issues but we've managed
to stall those out and we'll see what
the quality of prints like in another
few hours when it's finished but here's
what actually came out of the printer
this is supposed to be our dog you can
see that it is not complete
we're missing a head and a tail and some
of the body basically we had a miss feed
as it was feeding a plastic in from the
spool at the rear the plastic somehow
got a crossed on the spool and it jammed
and it stopped feeding so six hours in
almost there and that's what happened
running in here is another object this
one is going to be a little smaller
easier the print it's just a coin so be
a quicker test was to do so at least we
can complete something and show you how
it looks so there it is printing away
right now
and see there's a queen shape in there
we'll take a look at it when it's
finished in another few moments you can
see over here on the readout we're
currently 71% through 72% through now
printing out this new object
you